title: October 2022 update
date: 2022-10-26
guid: a1d8c02e-c7e1-4475-a01b-cd19c678f457

# October 2022 update

Hello, and welcome to the third monthly edition of me talking about what I've been
up to in the past month and my plans for the next month!

In November I will hopefully get around to updating Feditext a little bit here
and there, but I'm also going to be both attempting to get a better grasp of C
and working on projects elsewhere.

As for projects here and right now, Boorumux is almost ready enough for the
public that I'm making it public as of this post.
[Check it out here](https://github.com/KushBlazingJudah/boorumux).

For those not in the know, Boorumux is a booru aggregator, more or less.
It has only recently gained the ability to aggregate, but seems to also be
pretty solid for just single booru browsing.
I've been using it myself quite frequently and it does the job, 90% of the
time.[^bug]
However, keep in mind that it is not finished, not even good enough for a
versioned release yet; it's only really public because it's presentable and
usable enough by those who know how to use it.

[^bug]: There's this annoying bug that triggers for some reason occasionally and
  I'm not sure if it's on my side or Go's, but it involves slicing out of range,
  `io.Copy`, and `net/http.Response.Body`.
  It only triggers on `proxyHandler`, in `server.go`.
  For now, I have a deferred recover call on that one handler.
  If anyone has the patience unlike me to dig through whatever the hell is going
  on, it would be greatly appreciated, because I certainly don't.

I plan to hugely improve the configuration soon™, by making it graphical and
completely accessible from the home page.
There are still usability and UI issues which I plan to rectify by the first
versioned release.
It also doesn't support many boorus yet, right now the list is whatever
implements the Danbooru or Gelbooru APIs, which is good enough for my use cases
but most certainly not for others.

Additionally, I have a hack project in development, it's an OPDS server for
MangaDex.
It really, *really* sucks currently, but when it wants to work it's there.
It's a complete piece of shit, but I hope to fix it up and release it sooner
than later.

Other than that, I'm still importing music, slowly.
I've accumulated some scripts as a result of mass downloading archives from very
legal sources and encountering duplicates, and a couple of other tips involving
`beets`, so I'll post my findings in the next week or two.

That's all for now, until next time!
