title: September 2022 update
date: 2022-09-27
guid: 7bfa6769-6edc-478f-9503-520898fae6a5

# September 2022 update

I'll admit, I was a little lazy this month and didn't work on anything of value.
So, I have nothing much to talk about.

I'll bring up some things about existing projects.

## Feditext

Feditext's development has stalled but I'm still interested in continuing
development, soon.
I have a list of features I'm going to chuck into it when I get the time, here's
a small excerpt from a lost and found sticky note:

- DNSBL filtering for clearnet instances: I only operate an onion which renders
  this feature completely useless from my perspective, however it can improve
  spam for those who don't.
  Clearnet instances that don't want Tor exit nodes to post can take advantage
  of this.
- Speaking of Tor, currently everything goes through Tor!
  This is not good!
  I plan to shift to the choice of either 100% Tor, or opportunistic Tor,
  where Tor is only used to connect to hidden service instances like mine.
- Posting alerts for administrators; FChannel has this feature (or at least I
  thought it did) that sends you an e-mail whenever something gets posted.
  I plan to do something similar with webhooks probably.

There's a change or two I'd like to make to the closely related FChannel project
regarding status codes and retrying requests; 404 and 400 and others should be
deemed "permanent" errors and should not be retried.
I don't think I make the distinction in Feditext yet either, but that's fine
because we're both still v0.1.0.

And if you read this far, please fire up an instance of one or the other, [the
network is shrinking](/articles/2022-09-28_FChannel_network.html)!

## Boorumux

Boorumux, introduced in last month's update, is a work-in-progress booru
aggregator with proxy support.

I didn't really have the time to work on Boorumux, so no progress has been made.
The *mux* (aggregation) part still hasn't been implemented, so the release will
continue to be soon™.

It is usable in its current state but is plagued with a couple of small issues
and the UX isn't perfect yet.
But, if you want a very general overview of how it looks right now:

- Backend done in Go using nothing but the standard library because I can
- It's a web server because I couldn't be arsed to figure out GTK or Qt
- Needs JavaScript for the odd feature but not a lot; `tokei` says there's a
  total of 9 lines so far and that number is likely to stay below 100
- Supports the Danbooru and Gelbooru APIs; looking into adding more
- Configured with JSON, where you can specify a blacklist, proxy, and sites

I have ate my own dog food and know which parts I should focus on, so when I get
a handful of things done I will publish the code on GitHub and eventually get
around to writing a blog post.

That's all for now.
