title: August 2022 update
date: 2022-08-27
guid: 91cc36f5-823c-4ab5-90db-9dc5aa7e45a8

# August 2022 update

Hi, I started doing these on my textboard (except I only did two; that project
is now on the back burner) and decided I should do some here.

This month I released v0.1.0 of [feditext][feditext], an important milestone for
the project.

[feditext]: https://github.com/KushBlazingJudah/feditext

It has been coming along nicely, however as I've done most of what I wanted to
do *now*, development is going to slow down but not stop.
I have a list of planned features going somewhere on my desk, and I think I even
mentioned them on the /meta/ board however I am going to work on other projects
in my free time for now.
Feditext has largely been the only thing I've really worked on in the past
little while, it's time for a change of pace for me.

I started work on getting my website Makefile to generate [Gemtext][gmi] files.
Generation is hit-or-miss; a sed expression that works fine in Busybox doesn't
work on GNU.
Support in [lowdown][lowdown], which I use to generate what you're looking at
right now, isn't great for Gemtext yet so I may end up writing my own
Markdown-to-*x* generator for something to do eventually.
It's always been a mild goal for me to use as much software I wrote myself, so
the only person I can blame for my software that I wrote not working is myself.

[lowdown]: https://kristaps.bsd.lv/lowdown/
[gmi]: https://gemini.circumlunar.space/

I don't have a capsule available yet, and due to resource restraints and just
because it's generally more ideal[^ideal], the Gemini capsule will likely be only
available on the Tor Network and Yggdrasil mainnet.

[^ideal]: I'm sure I previously mentioned this a while ago, but I don't really
  like the current state of the Internet.
  Tor and Yggdrasil are better, they aren't perfect but they're better.
  I just agree with their architecture more.

As for the other projects I have on the go, one of the projects I'll release
eventually, soon™ even, is Boorumux, a booru aggregator with support for
proxies.
It is another Go project, and I wrote it because I didn't want to open the Tor
Browser to see girls but I still wanted to see them nonetheless.[^bmux]

[^bmux]: I'm not doing anything illegal, in fact I'm using `rating:safe`, I'm
  just irrationally paranoid.

Half of it is finished, I now need to work on the *-mux* part of its name and
allow searching through multiple boards and whatever else comes with it.
What I'm trying to say is that it's not ready for public release.
The frontend is almost entirely finished though, and it is based upon my memory
of some anon's theme for Danbooru, that I seen on a /g/ desktop thread a long
time ago.

I've also been trying to figure out more topics to write for here, and my drafts
folder is steadily growing.
Maybe some day I'll return to that folder and finish up the several things I
have waiting in there.

That's all for this time, you'll likely hear from me the same time next month
unless I forget.
